c:\users\acer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\tryWPFRemote\tryWPFRemote\bin\Debug\tryWPFRemote.exe.config
c:\users\acer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\tryWPFRemote\tryWPFRemote\bin\Debug\tryWPFRemote.exe
c:\users\acer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\tryWPFRemote\tryWPFRemote\bin\Debug\tryWPFRemote.pdb
c:\users\acer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\tryWPFRemote\tryWPFRemote\obj\Debug\tryWPFRemote.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\acer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\tryWPFRemote\tryWPFRemote\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\acer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\tryWPFRemote\tryWPFRemote\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\acer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\tryWPFRemote\tryWPFRemote\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\acer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\tryWPFRemote\tryWPFRemote\obj\Debug\tryWPFRemote_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\acer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\tryWPFRemote\tryWPFRemote\obj\Debug\tryWPFRemote.g.resources
c:\users\acer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\tryWPFRemote\tryWPFRemote\obj\Debug\tryWPFRemote.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\acer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\tryWPFRemote\tryWPFRemote\obj\Debug\tryWPFRemote.exe
c:\users\acer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\tryWPFRemote\tryWPFRemote\obj\Debug\tryWPFRemote.pdb
c:\users\acer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\tryWPFRemote\tryWPFRemote\obj\Debug\Interop.MSTSCLib.dll
c:\users\acer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\tryWPFRemote\tryWPFRemote\obj\Debug\tryWPFRemote.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
c:\users\acer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\tryWPFRemote\tryWPFRemote\obj\Debug\AxInterop.MSTSCLib.dll
c:\users\acer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\tryWPFRemote\tryWPFRemote\bin\Debug\AxInterop.RDPCOMAPILib.dll
c:\users\acer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\tryWPFRemote\tryWPFRemote\bin\Debug\Interop.RDPCOMAPILib.dll
c:\users\acer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\tryWPFRemote\tryWPFRemote\bin\Debug\Interop.MSTSCLib.dll
c:\users\acer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\tryWPFRemote\tryWPFRemote\bin\Debug\AxInterop.MSTSCLib.dll
c:\users\acer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\tryWPFRemote\tryWPFRemote\obj\Debug\WPFRemoteController.Form1.resources
c:\users\acer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\tryWPFRemote\tryWPFRemote\obj\Debug\WPFRemoteController.Properties.Resources.resources
